Hello and welcome back.
And in this section we're talking about Joines.
This is a very important topic especially in relational databases because that is the essence of relational
databases.
We have all these different tables or relations and you need to get your data out of them.
So how do you do that.
Well you have to join the different tables together to find the full picture.
And that's exactly what we're going to be talking about.
We'll have a couple of theoretical tutorials to get you up to speed up the joints and then we'll dive
into the practice and we've got a very exciting challenge ahead of us.
We're talking about a veterinarian clinic and helping them make sense of their data to see inside.
And let's jump into the first lecture.